[Jake] I've decided that if this hero
loses, I'll destroy half of your city...
that oughta get your juices flowing.
Hang in there.
[Kriem] Welcome back to our
show, everyone.
Just entering the stadium,
we have a new challenger.
This will be the fourth of seven matches!
Let me introduce Mr. Jake's next opponent.
He's out for revenge,
so we call him Revenge Boy!
Those damn nicknames are
really pissing me off!
[Kriem] We're ready to start the match,
but I don't see Mr. Jake anywhere!
What could've happened to him?
[laughing]
[screaming]
[Kriem] There he is! Mr. Jake has
staged a beautiful ambush!
[grunting]
Oh, my! That was a
really weak approach!
[panting]
There's something
that I need to know.
[Kriem] Revenge Boy's attack didn't stand
a chance against Mr. Jake's power!
[Barnaby Brooks Jr.]
Why did you kill my parents?
What did you have against them?
Answer me, you bastard!
Let's not dwell on things
that happened in the past.
It's more fun to deal
with the here and now.
I can't believe his speed.
It's like he's reading
all his attacks.
Hey! Hold on, why isn't
handsome using his power?
Tiger has the same power as Barnaby,
and he was defeated.
That's why Barnaby's
been so careful.
At this rate, the city
will be destroyed. Huh?
[Agnes Joubert] Hello, heroes...
We're ready. We've set
up the signal jack.
Quite frankly, Barnaby
could lose at any time.
I want you three uninjured heroes
to remove the Mad Bears
from the powered exosuits
before they destroy
the support columns.
That should stop them, right?
Origami?
Yes, ma'am. It should end
the threat for the time being.
Blue Rose, you take North Bronze.
Dragon Kid, you take
South Bronze.
-Fire Emblem, I want you to--
-[Kotetsu] I'm going too.
[gasping]
Which one...
do you want me to cover?
[Origami] What are you doing?
Are you crazy?!
[Fire Emblem] Get back in bed!
You're in no condition to do this!
Thanks for your concern,
everyone...
but I can't just lie
around here.
So complete the assignments,
Agnes, where should I go?
Stop this, Tiger!
If you come with us, you'll be
nothing but trouble!
All you're going to
do is get in our way!
-What?!
-[sighs]
Come on. This is not the time
to be fighting amongst ourselves.
Try to keep in mind,
you're Barnaby's partner, Tiger.
You really should be thinking of
a way to help him defeat Jake.
Idiot.
[grunting]
Damn!
Take it easy, pal.
Blue Rose is right.
Stay. You're no help out there.
[Kriem] Here's an update. Revenge
Boy looks like he's struggling,
but Mr. Jake hasn't even broken a sweat!
He's incredible!
Tell me, while I was
sleeping...
did Bunny get
any hits in on Jake?
Not one. They were all
rebuffed by Jake's force-field.
He's right...
no one's been able to
even lay a finger on him.
Except for you of
course. Right, Kotetsu?
Think back, to that moment
when you kicked him.
Can't really count that
as an attack.
[screaming]
[chuckling]
If I keep attacking him, I'm bound
to break through at some point.
If I can just get him
to let his guard down.
You're wasting your time.
It's never going to happen.
But if you wanna keep
trying, be my guest.
[Kriem] Oh, dear, both of them are
completely hidden in the mist.
Where could they be?
You need to pay better attention.
I'm wide open at the moment.
I've got you now.
[grunting]
[gasping]
You're never going to be
able to sneak up on me.
Unfortunately for you, I can
hear your thoughts loud and clear.
Hey, what's wrong?!
Is it time for a nap already?!
Hm?
This is what you call justice?
You don't inspire much confidence.
[chatting]
All right, ladies, let's show them
some 'girl power'!
Girl power?! One of us doesn't
quite fit that description!
[Dragon Kid] I can't help it.
I was always a tomboy!
[Blue Rose] Actually, I wasn't
talking about you...
Wait a minute! Are you
telling me I don't qualify?
Oh, brother. I can't
believe this conversation.
Okay, everyone...
Are you all ready?
Barnaby can't take much
more of this.
It's up to you three
heroes to save this city.
[all] Yes, ma'am.
Ah, yes. A delicious cup
of tea...
...And a gorgeous
boyfriend!
Could things get any better?
Cain, prepare to
jam the systems.
Activating systems
on my count.
And five...
Four... three... two...
Start the operation!
Okay, you cute little Mad Bears,
it's time to strip down!
[alarm sounding]
What's that sound?!
The suits are glowing!
[robot] Activating self-defense program!
Activating self-defense program!
-Activating self-defense program!
-What now?
Time out, you guys!
[screaming]
This is brutal!
What a complete disappointment
you are. I mean,
you're supposed to be the second
strongest of the heroes?
[Kriem] We are now seeing Revenge
Boy lost in despair
as he realizes the difference in power
between himself and Mr. Jake!
I have to get through his
force-field somehow.
Too bad, loser! [grunts]
You're never going to beat me.
You're just not strong enough!
In case you're wondering, I've only
shown you half of my capabilities.
Did you think you were facing
an opponent with just one power?
-What?
-The fact is...
The Almighty God himself,
in his great wisdom...
blessed me with the grand total
of two powers!
What does he mean, two powers?
Ridiculous! I've never
heard of such a thing!
[Jake] Well, I'm afraid that's all the
clues I can give you for now.
Come on, let's play!
What clues? The guy's
yanking our chain!
Frankly, I'm not so sure
about that.
Huh?
I think in fact he may have
another hidden power.
And that's why our
attacks can't get to him.
Are you saying he's using
this other power
to figure out our attacks
before we even launch them?
[Origami] What kind of power
are we talking about?
I can hear what you're gonna do
before you do it!
Of course! That's it!
Did you figure out
how he's doing this?
Yeah, and I've gotta
tell Bunny right away!
[grunting]
Mister Tiger!
Someone else needs to let
Barnaby know. You're too weak.
I have to be the one to
pass it on.
I'm the only one that will be
able to get through to him.
[Rock Bison] You're crazy--
[screaming]
There has to be a way to
defeat this guy!
All I have to do is figure out
his other power and neutralize it!
[grunting]
Amazing.
You used your Hundred Power
to speed up your healing?!
That's right. I've made
a complete recovery.
I'm fine.
Don't worry about me.
Well, I'm headin' out
now. See you later.
I didn't know he could
heal so fast.
That idiot, he knows better.
But... Huh?
[whispering]
Hey there, Mr. Saito,
I've got a big favor to ask you.
[Kriem] Uh-oh! Revenge Boy is down
for a record 30th time!
I can't take any more hits like this.
But even if I activate my power,
I don't know if I'll be able to win.
Come on, will you hurry up
and use your power already?
Otherwise, you'll be
smashed to pieces.
Oh, wait. I get it. You're dying to see
your mommy and daddy, aren't you?
Well, I think I can accommodate you,
just this once.
I won't let it end here!
I vowed to avenge them!
Good boy!
Now you've got it!
[yelling]
[Agnes] Report in!
What's taking everyone so long?
We're running out of time!
[Fire Emblem] We know that! We're doing
the best we can, woman!
You may not have noticed,
but these guys are pretty tough!
There are too many of
them for us to take on!
[Agnes] She's right.
Has our plan failed?
I think Barnaby's almost
reached his limit.
He's getting his ass kicked
even though he's using his power.
If he loses, they're going to
destroy half the city.
Or more. It's very likely
they won't stop there.
Once this battle is over,
it won't take them very long
to realize we attacked
their powered exosuits.
In retaliation, they might just
destroy all the support columns.
The whole city?
Our only hope is that Barnaby
can beat him, somehow.
What's the matter, boy?
Is that all you've got?
Even my Hundred Power wasn't
enough to get through his defense!
-It's my turn! See ya kid!
-[groans]
Oh, I must have hit him too hard.
That's a shame.
[chuckles]
[grunting]
Am I going to lose this fight?
I've lived my entire life
for revenge against this monster!
Mother, father...
You okay, Bunny?
A little help, maybe?
Tiger! What are
you doing here?!
What about your injuries?
Those things? They were
just scratches. No problem.
[Jake] Hey, are you coming down?!
Or should I come up there
to finish you off?!
Uh, wait a second.
Are you trying to
get in my way again?
I really don't have time for this.
I finally figured out
Jake's other power.
We're unable to hit him because
he can anticipate
and detect our movements.
I thought about it and there's
only one possible answer.
His hearing is very
sensitive.
During my battle, Jake said
he could hear everything.
That's when it should've hit me,
but I was busy getting
my ass kicked.
His power is super hearing.
Isn't it obvious?
He was listening to the sound
of our muscles moving
so he could predict our next move.
Impossible.
You have to use this
to defeat him,
It's Saito's special ultrasonic grenade.
You won't have a chance
against him...
until you've destroyed
his hearing with this.
The bottom line is,
I can't trust you.
Don't act so surprised.
After all, you didn't trust me.
Bunny, stop!
My power's going to run out soon.
I have to trust in myself if
I'm going to make my final attack.
Blood?!
You're still injured!
[Jake] Well, you ready yet?!
[laughing]
It's about time
you came back.
Come on, Bunny,
trust me.
Get ready, Jake.
Oh, I'm ready.
I heard all about your little plan.
But I've got news for you.
You think my power is
super-hearing?
As you're about to find out,
you are dead wrong.
[grunting]
[giggling]
Take this!
Bye-bye.
You really thought you could beat me
with that stupid grenade?
Ha!
[grunting]
Get him, Barnaby!
Mr. Jake!
[groaning]
Son of a bitch, I think
my rib's broken.
Wait, no. I give up.
I'm in way too much pain to move.
Help me. You're a hero.
You have to help me.
[choking]
[groaning]
You'll spend the rest of your life,
repenting for your sins.
[child 1]
He's my hero!
[cheering]
[sighing]
-Don't thank me.
-Truthfully, I wasn't about to.
Huh?
Why did you think that
you had to trick me?
You should've just said it was
a flash grenade from the beginning.
He would've totally
figured it out if I had done that.
The guy has the ability
to read minds.
But, what about the super hearing?
He doesn't have that?
-[Kotetsu] Man, you sure are slow.
-Huh?
I don't know how you've
survived this long.
How did you figure it out?
Well, for starters,
when we were fighting,
he referred to me as 'Kotetsu'.
You're so dead, Kotetsu!
I've never revealed
my real name to the public,
so how in the hell did this guy
happen to know what it was?
C'mon, Kotetsu, focus!
He has to have some weakness!
He couldn't have known my name
unless he was listening to my thoughts.
That's why he could
'hear' everything.
Exactly.
Come on, you gotta be
kidding me. Super hearing?
Listening to the sound
of our muscles?
You're telling me that's the best
stuff you could come up with?
Your whole plan hinged on
me buying that?
I mean, what if I hadn't
believed you, old man?
I was sure that wouldn't
happen!
-S'cuse me?
-To be perfectly honest...
I was never the least bit
worried about that.
I believed you'd trust me.
[chuckling]
Huh?
[Kriem] Hand over Mr. Jake!
What?!
[Kriem] Did you forget that we
have hostages?
Don't you care what happens
to the people of this city?
Damn this girl.
[chuckling]
Too bad you lose, boys!
I wouldn't be gettin'
too confident just yet.
Huh?
Are you so sure you've
still got hostages?
[Blue Rose] Hi, we're broadcasting
live from downtown,
where all the powered exosuits
have just been destroyed!
[gasping]
These stuffed animals are
so cute!
That's it for now!
[girls] Let's go back to the studio!
[giggling]
Looks like you just lost
all your leverage.
Hey Kriem, swing
around! Catch me!
I'm coming, Mister Jake!
[screaming]
You're not getting away
from me, pal!
You think you've got me?
Forget it!
[gasping]
[screaming]
[chanting]
Bar-na-by! Bar-na-by! Bar-na-by...
Yeah!
I'm so proud.
They pulled it off!
Definitely the best
episode of HERO TV ever.
I suppose.
[Albert Maverick] Barnaby has met
his destiny!
He's avenged his parents while saving
the lives of a great number of citizens!
Let's give him and the other heroes
a well-deserved round of applause.
Evil is always destined
to be annihilated.
And while we're giving thanks,
we must not forget our other hero...
We must acknowledge the man who
oversaw this entire operation
to destroy the Ouroboros...
We couldn't have done
this without our mayor!
Well, you two are
a hot mess.
He's right. You both
look horrible.
You didn't listen to our advice
and get some rest.
Bravo, Barnaby!
You were truly magnificent out there!
He's right, you saved us all.
Great job!
You guys were so awesome!
Way to go!
We really are grateful...
handsome boy.
[groaning]
[Barnaby] What's the matter?
Why the long face?
Huh?
Could it be you want to
get some praise, too?
-Eh, don't be ridiculous!
-Whatever.
Let's ignore these two drama queens
and head for the hospital.
Good idea!
Wait a minute. Who are you
calling a drama queen?
Don't lump me in with
him, I'm coming, too!
[grunting]
[Barnaby] You all right, old man?
Or do you need a hand?
No, no. I'm coming.
[Barnaby] Right. Let's go, Kotetsu.
Right! Hm?
What'd you call me?!
Hey, wait for me,
everybody!
[Kotetsu] Don't walk so fast!
I'm still injured, you know!
Hey, it's not funny!
I can collapse at any moment!